OSDOCS-13230-ui: Added nmstate-console-plugin step to Uninstall K8S N… (#88152)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/k8s-nmstate-uninstall-operator.adoc

$ oc delete --namespace openshift-nmstate clusterserviceversion kubernetes-nmstate-operator.v4.18.0
----

> . Before you delete the `nmstate` CR, remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` plugin resource from the `nmstate` CR so that `nmstate-console-plugin` does not persist.

Reviewer: Actually this should be done **after** you deleted the `nmstate` CR.
Because if you do it before, the nmstate-operator is still reconciling that entry in the `consoles.operator.openshift.io` CR and will add it back.

+

> .. Create an environment variable that uses the `jq` CLI to find the location of `nmstate-console-plugin` among the list of available plugins. The following example assigns a command to an environment variable named `INDEX`:

Reviewer: The following example assigns a command to an environment variable named `INDEX` -->

The following **command** assigns the index of the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry in the `plugins` array to an environment variable named `INDEX`

Author: Very good :+1:

> .. Create an environment variable that uses the `jq` CLI to find the location of `nmstate-console-plugin` among the list of available plugins. The following example assigns a command to an environment variable named `INDEX`:

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+
[source,terminal]
----
INDEX=$(oc get console.operator.openshift.io cluster -o json | jq -r '.spec.plugins | to_entries[] | select(.value == "nmstate-console-plugin") | .key')
----
+

> .. Remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` resource from the `nmstate` CR by entering the following command in the `oc` CLI:

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch console.operator.openshift.io cluster --type=json -p "[{\"op\": \"remove\", \"path\": \"/spec/plugins/$INDEX\"}]" <1>
----

> <1> Replace `INDEX` with the name of your environment variable.

Reviewer: no need for this comment. if you want to emphasize the name doesn't matter:
```suggestion
<1> `INDEX` is an auxiliary variable used in the second command. It can be named differently.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

$ oc delete --all deployments --namespace=openshift-nmstate
----

> . After you deleted the `nmstate` CR, remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` plugin resource from the `nmstate` CR so that `nmstate-console-plugin` does not persist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you deleted the `nmstate` CR, remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` console plugin name from the `console.operator.openshift.io/cluster` CR.

Reviewer: Also, this step describes the following next steps, it's not a step on its own.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+

> .. Use the `jq` CLI tool to store the position of the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry that exists among the list of enable plugins. The following command stores the index of the entry in an environment variable named `INDEX`:

Reviewer 2: Could you rewrite the first sentence to mention explicit instruction to run a command? I feel like you could remove mention of `jq` since the context of the new prereq (and the use of jq in the command) is sufficient. Up to you, but I feel something like this might be more in line with style guides:
```suggestion
.. Store the position of the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry that exists among the list of enable plugins by running the following command. The following command stores the index of the entry in an environment variable named `INDEX`:
```

> .. Create an environment variable that uses the `jq` CLI to find the location of `nmstate-console-plugin` among the list of enable plugins. The following command assigns the index of `nmstate-console-plugin` in the `plugin` array to an environment variable named `INDEX`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Use the `jq` tool, store the position of the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry among the list of enabled plugins. The following command stores its index to an environment variable named `INDEX`:
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+
[source,terminal]
----

> INDEX=$(oc get console.operator.openshift.io cluster -o json | jq -r '.spec.plugins | to_entries[] | select(.value == "nmstate-console-plugin") | .key')

Reviewer 2: Should this have a $ prompt at the beginning?
```suggestion
$ INDEX=$(oc get console.operator.openshift.io cluster -o json | jq -r '.spec.plugins | to_entries[] | select(.value == "nmstate-console-plugin") | .key')
```
```suggestion
INDEX=$(oc get console.operator.openshift.io cluster -o json | jq -r '.spec.plugins | to_entries[] | select(.value == "nmstate-console-plugin") | .key')
```

----
+

> .. Remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry from the `console.operator.openshift.io/cluster` CR by running the following patch command that uses the `oc` CLI:

Reviewer 2: This is just my opinion but I feel like the end could be trimmed off for simplicity, since it's already clear that the command is for the oc CLI:
```suggestion
.. Remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry from the `console.operator.openshift.io/cluster` CR by running the following patch command:
```
```suggestion
.. Remove the `nmstate-console-plugin` entry from the `console.operator.openshift.io/cluster` CR by running the following patch command that uses the `oc` CLI:
```

$ oc delete --all deployments --namespace=openshift-nmstate
----

> . Delete all the custom resource definitions (CRDs), such as `nmstates`, that exist in the `nmstate.io` namespace by running the following commands:

Reviewer: 1. There is no such namespace `nmstate.io`. nmstate is installed at `openshift-nmstate` namespace.
2. CRDs (as opposed to CRs) are cluster-scoped resources and are not belong to a specific namespace.
```suggestion
. Delete all the custom resource definitions (CRDs), such as `nmstates.nmstate.io` by running the following commands:
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
